Document config options and clarify sentry configuration support (#46)
mimiquate/tower_sentry: README.md

More details on https://hexdocs.pm/tower/Tower.html#module-manual-reporting.

### Configuration

`TowerSentry` supports the following configuration options:

- `:dsn` (`t:String.t/0`) - The DSN for your Sentry project. Setting this option is mandatory. Learn more about DSNs in the [official Sentry documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/dsn-explainer/).

> - `:environment_name` (`t:String.t/0` or `t:atom/0`) - The current environment name. Setting this option is mandatory. Learn more about environments in the [official Sentry documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/environments/).

Author: Maybe this should be moved to another page? Github markdown obviously doesn't support ExDoc's syntax for auto-linking so the readme looks a little funny.

Reviewer: Keeping it in the README for now it's fine.

> - `:environment_name` (`t:String.t/0` or `t:atom/0`) - The current environment name. Setting this option is mandatory. Learn more about environments in the [official Sentry documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/environments/).

Author: I hadn't initially realized that `:environment_name` was mandatory (it's retrieved through `fetch_env!/2`). This is out of scope for this PR but I think sentry's default of using `"production"` makes sense. Maybe TowerSentry could do the same?

Reviewer: `fetch_evn!` calls won't fail if not set because we have defaults in https://github.com/mimiquate/tower_sentry/blob/0982d8473d967599ca531b0aae3757e8dd2de714/mix.exs#L33.

Reviewer: So in the end `dsn` is mandatory, but `environment_name` will default to `"production"`.

Author: Oh I wasn't aware you could set defaults like that way. That's good to know! I'll update the docs to reflect this.

> #### Note on configuring the `:sentry` app directly {: .warning}
>
> `TowerSentry` currently depends on the [official Sentry SDK for Elixir](`e:sentry:readme.html`) for some internal functionality. It is however considered to be an implementation detail of `TowerSentry`.
>

> > This means that while configuring the `:sentry` application directly _will_ work (outside of the options listed above, which `TowerSentry` overrides), you are doing so at your own risk; the `:sentry` dependency could be removed at any time in favor of a home grown implementation.

Author: I was debating whether to invite users to open issues or PRs for missing configuration options but maybe that's obvious enough?

Reviewer: Yes, we OK not explicitly stating that.

> > This means that while configuring the `:sentry` application directly _will_ work (outside of the options listed above, which `TowerSentry` overrides), you are doing so at your own risk; the `:sentry` dependency could be removed at any time in favor of a home grown implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This means that while setting some config options in the `:sentry` application directly _will_ work and affect the reported event (outside of the options listed above, which `TowerSentry` overrides), you are doing so at your own risk; the `:sentry` dependency could be removed at any time in favor of a home grown implementation.
```
?

  the [official Sentry documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/dsn-explainer/).
- `:environment_name` (`t:String.t/0` or `t:atom/0`) - The current environment name. The default value is
  `"production"`. Learn more about environments in the [official Sentry documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/environments/).

> #### Note on configuring the `:sentry` app directly {: .warning}
>
> `TowerSentry` currently depends on the [official Sentry SDK for Elixir](`e:sentry:readme.html`) for some internal
> functionality. It is however considered to be an implementation detail of `TowerSentry`.
>
> This means that while setting some config options in the `:sentry` application directly _will_ work and affect the
> reported event (outside of the options listed above, which `TowerSentry` overrides), you are doing so at your own
> risk; the `:sentry` dependency could be removed at any time in favor of a home grown implementation.
>
> Also note that setting `:sentry` configuration options that affect event collection or filtering will have no effect

> > as this is entirely handled by [Tower](`e:tower:Tower.html`).

Author: Thought this might be an easy footgun for people who decide to configure Sentry directly. Let me know if you think this is too obvious.

Reviewer: Not obvious.
Worth mentioning.
Thank you :pray:
